What provisions can be considered violations under the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Administrative Monetary Penalties Regulations?
What are the time periods that must elapse before a diver can fly at an altitude greater than 300 m above the altitude of the dive site?
What is required of a licensee who becomes aware of an inaccuracy or incompleteness in a record they are required to keep?
What orders can a court make if a form of proxy, management proxy circular, or dissident's proxy circular contains an untrue statement or omits a material fact?
What are the requirements for providing a notice, document, or other information in electronic form under the Insurance Companies Act?
What does subsection (1) of the Mackenzie Valley Resource Management Act state about the failure to exercise a power or perform a duty or function within a fixed or prescribed time limit?
What are the conditions under which an interest in a life insurance policy can be transferred to a policyholder's child for no consideration?
What is the purpose for which the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration can make expenditures out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund?
What are the conditions under which a Tax-free Savings Account (TFSA) ceases to be a TFSA?
What does section 145 of the Judges Act pertain to?
What circumstances would allow the Minister to postpone the payment of additional tax for a taxpayer with income from a foreign country in blocked currency?
What are the reasons for the Minister to refuse approval of an assignment under the Indian Oil and Gas Regulations?
What circumstances could lead to the need for revalidating the scope of work for a certificate of fitness in the Canada-Newfoundland and Labrador Offshore Area Petroleum Operations Framework Regulations?
What is the procedure for appealing a decision under the Farm Debt Mediation Regulations?
What are the regulations that the Governor in Council may establish regarding compensation in the Canadian Energy Regulator Act?
What types of interests are prohibited from being issued in the specified tracts of territorial lands in the Northwest Territories?
What can a peace officer do if they have reasonable grounds to believe that a person has operated a conveyance while impaired by alcohol?
What are the conditions under which a regulatory authority is not authorized to issue a licence, permit, or other authorization for a project?
What is the definition of "third party liability insurance coverage" in the Railway Third Party Liability Insurance Coverage Regulations?
What are the rules for determining the amount to be diverted from a recipient's net pension benefit when their pension benefit consists of both a lump sum payment and periodic payments?
What types of assessments can the Minister make under the Excise Tax Act?
What is the time limit for a proponent of a designated project to provide the Agency with the required information or studies during the impact assessment process?
What type of valves, gauges, fittings, and accessory equipment are required for liquefied petroleum gas service?
What are the conditions that must be met in order for an order to be made under section 58(5) of the Softwood Lumber Products Export Charge Act, 2006?
What rights does a proxyholder have at a meeting of shareholders?
What information must a primary security line partner provide to the operator of an aerodrome for the establishment and implementation of an airport security program?
What matters can a shipper submit to the Agency for arbitration if they are unable to agree with a railway company on the manner in which the railway company must fulfil its service obligations?
What is the time limit for taking action to recover money owing under the Canada Emergency Response Benefit Act?
What are the purposes for which the Minister may disclose information obtained through the management of the citizenship program?
What are the additional tests that a prototype G.R.P. lifeboat must undergo according to the Life Saving Equipment Regulations?
What is the deadline for telecommunications carriers to apply for a licence under the Excise Tax Act?
What is the process for obtaining a new fishing permit, salmon licence, soft-shell clam permit, or lake trout endorsement if the original one is lost?
What types of information can the head of a government institution refuse to disclose under the Access to Information Act?
What is the determination for the rate of pay and allowances for a pensioner during a period of absence from duty or secondment?
What happens to the powers, duties, functions, rights, and privileges of the directors and officers of a bank when the Superintendent takes control of it?
What is the prescribed time for delivering a counter statement under section 130 of the Patent Rules?
What are the requirements for the Governor in Council to serve the attorney general of a province or the minister of Justice of a territory after filing a notice of reference?
What types of amounts do not fall under the application of subsections (1) to (4) of the Income Tax Act?
What protections and immunities does the International Labour Organization have in Canada?
What are the time limits for acquiring films or tapes in 1987 and 1988, according to paragraph (21)(a) of the Income Tax Regulations?
What are the circumstances under which the underwriter is not liable for costs, expenses, actual loss, or damage resulting from any deposit of waste caused by or otherwise attributable to the ship?
What types of documents are required to be published in Part II of the Canada Gazette according to the Statutory Instruments Regulations?
What exemptions are provided for members of a police force or military police under the Cannabis Act (Police Enforcement) Regulations?
What is the impact of subsection 128.1(5) on an individual's total tax payable under the Income Tax Act?
What are the obligations of the Chief Electoral Officer under the Electoral Boundaries Readjustment Act?
What are the exceptions to the application of the Safe Food for Canadians Regulations in relation to interprovincial trade, import, and export?
What is the year in which a retirement pension commences according to the Canada Pension Plan?
What powers and duties can a person acting under the direction of a returning officer exercise under the Canada Elections Act?
What are the exceptions to the Ontario Fishery Regulations, 2007?
What factors must an authority consider when determining if a project is likely to cause significant adverse environmental effects under the Impact Assessment Act?
What is the process for removing a person from territorial lands under the Territorial Lands Act?
What are the conditions under which sections 120 and 121 of the Federal Public Sector Labour Relations Act apply to a bargaining unit bound by an essential services agreement?
What is the purpose of making copies of documents under Section 231.5 of the Income Tax Act?
What is the purpose of Pilot Project No. 16 in the Employment Insurance Regulations?
What are the purposes and provisions that the Governor in Council can make regulations for under the Canada Petroleum Resources Act?
What is the effect of a grant of federal real property in a province other than Quebec, according to the Federal Real Property and Federal Immovables Act?
What criteria does the Superintendent use to determine if a director is affiliated with a company under the Insurance Companies Act?
What is the definition of a first aid certificate according to the On Board Trains Occupational Health and Safety Regulations?
What happens to the position of an employee in the office of the Ethics Commissioner when the Conflict of Interest Act comes into force?
What are the required components of a motion that needs to be heard by the Supreme Court of Canada?
What are the restrictions on compliance with the "Buy America" provisions for alterations or improvements to premises leased by the State of Alaska from the Prince Rupert Port Authority?
What are the responsibilities of a holder of plant breeder's rights regarding the maintenance of propagating material?
What is the formula for calculating the amount of Year's Additional Maximum Pensionable Earnings for 2024 and subsequent years?
What is the purpose of the Cruiser Remission Order?
What is the prescribed quantity of a polymer or biopolymer for the purposes of adding it to the DSL?
What information must be included in a full report filed with the Commission after a failure to comply with section 26 or a dangerous occurrence?
What information is required to be provided for the purposes of paragraphs 80(1)(a) and (2)(a) of the Act regarding the identity and price of medicines?
What actions can the Attorney General take if an offender is in default of payment of a fine or a forfeiture imposed by law is not paid as required?
What are the mandatory contents that the code of conduct for bargaining in relation to news content must contain?
What is the definition of "Power Rights Agreement" in the Spruce Falls Remission Order?
What is the application of subsections 223(1) to 223(8) and 223(12) of the Income Tax Act?
What is the purpose of establishing a danger zone for a fireworks display?
What are the possible effects of a court order under the Energy Efficiency Act?
What are the regulations that can be made under Section 57 of the Indian Act regarding the management of reserves and surrendered and designated lands?
What are the conditions under which no division of base unadjusted pensionable earnings is made for a period of cohabitation?
Who should be promptly notified in the event of an inmate's death according to Section 116 of the Corrections and Conditional Release Regulations?
What is the requirement for an owner who proposes to construct a major work in any navigable water or a work listed in the schedule?
What is the requirement for the appropriate authority when a panel makes an order under subsection 77.15(3) or (4) referring a matter back for reconsideration?
What are the grounds on which an artist can apply for the revocation of an association's certification under the Status of the Artist Act?
What are the conditions under which an educational institution would have to pay the difference in royalties for digital reproduction of a work under a digital reproduction agreement?
What are the requirements for firefighter equipment on manned and unmanned installations according to the Nova Scotia Offshore Petroleum Installations Regulations?
What are the powers of an inspector under Section 16 of the Plant Protection Regulations?
What is the process for an offender to apply for a reduction in the period of long-term supervision or termination of it?
What are the exceptions for making loans and guarantees under the Canada Elections Act?
What are the conditions under which the Commission may appoint a target group member from outside the Public Service to a position identified pursuant to the employment equity programs?
What is the process for the Tribunal to reconsider the designation of information as confidential?
What are the rules for protecting the identity of persons who make a report to the Canadian Energy Regulator in accordance with regulations made under subsection (1) of the Canadian Energy Regulator Act?
What is required of a manufacturer regarding the declaration for a model of remotely piloted aircraft system intended for certain operations?
What are the different methods of payment for Administrative Monetary Penalties (Canada Labour Code) Regulations?
What is the additional retirement allowance for a person who ceased to be a member before January 1, 1992, and has contributed for at least six years?
What are the objects, powers, and duties of the Canada Council for the Arts according to subsection 8(1) of the Canada Council for the Arts Act?
What are the requirements for establishing the buyer's identity before selling special effect pyrotechnics?
What are the requirements for a life-sized mock-up used in a demonstration of emergency evacuation procedures for ditching?
What information must be included in a request for the transfer of a project registration under the Canadian Greenhouse Gas Offset Credit System Regulations?
What information should be included in the filing advice for a tariff filed with the Agency by an air carrier operating a scheduled international service?
What are the energy efficiency standards for clothes dryers manufactured on or after January 1, 2015?
What information must an institution provide within 30 days after entering into an agreement for an optional product or service?
What happens if the board of directors fails to comply with certain subsections or sections after an election or appointment?
What actions can Her Majesty in right of Canada take in relation to contraventions of the Canada Oil and Gas Operations Act?
What are the obligations of a receiver under the Select Luxury Items Tax Act?
What is the procedure for the disclosure of information required for a distribution of securities?
What is the role of the judge appointed under subsection 39(2) in the Old Age Security Regulations?
What is the formula used to determine the amount of compensation allowance under the Members of Parliament Retiring Allowances Act?
What is the definition of "aquaculture" according to the Pacific Aquaculture Regulations?
What is the role of the Director in issuing certificates or certifications of fact under the Canada Not-for-profit Corporations Act?
What are some of the principles that a court should take into consideration when imposing a sentence according to the Criminal Code?
What are the recommended practices and standards that can be used to construct, manufacture, or rebuild a vessel if its design would render it unsafe, unsuitable, or impracticable to follow the construction requirements?
What is the purpose of the Ministerial Regulations Authorization Order?
What are the grounds on which the Minister may refuse to issue a licence or pilotage certificate?
What is required to be included in a dissident's proxy circular according to Section 64 of the Canada Business Corporations Regulations, 2001?
What actions can the Governor in Council take under subsection 4(1) of the Special Economic Measures Act?
What are the conditions under which a person can apply for a permit on behalf of a Canadian vessel or any other person under the Antarctic Environmental Protection Act?
What information should be included in a flight authorization according to the Canadian Aviation Regulations?
What action does the Review Board take if it receives a request under subsection (1) in respect of an object for which a delay period has been established?
What are the reasonable measures that a person or entity should take if they suspect a person with whom they have a business relationship is a politically exposed foreign person, a politically exposed domestic person, or a head of an international organization?
What is the formula used to calculate evaporative emission credits for a specific model year?
What are the requirements for a person to enter or remain in a boiler according to the Safe Working Practices Regulations?
What are the circumstances under which the Superintendent can order a person to provide information or documents related to an authorized foreign bank?
What are the rights and liabilities of a creditor when a valuation is amended under subsection 132(3) of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act?
What information does the Registrar enter in the register when registering a topography under the Integrated Circuit Topography Act?
What happens if a person fails to pay duty, interest, or other amounts as required under the Excise Act, 2001?
What is the definition of "actuarially sound manner" in the Canada Production Insurance Regulations?
What are the different classes established under the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission Accessibility Reporting Regulations for telecommunications entities?
What is the requirement for the Centre to notify the Bank of Canada regarding an applicant's history of contraventions or penalties under the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act?
What are the responsibilities of the operator regarding the calibration and maintenance of meters and associated equipment in Canada's oil and gas drilling and production regulations?
What is the period during which fishing for scallops is prohibited in Scallop Fishing Area 28B in the Bay of Fundy?
What conditions must be met for a peace officer to enter a dwelling-house to arrest or apprehend a person, according to Section 529 of the Criminal Code?
What are the requirements for manufacturing explosives that do not require a licence or certificate?
What privileges, immunities, and benefits can be granted to the office of a political subdivision of a foreign state and to any person connected with that office under the Foreign Missions and International Organizations Act?
What are the restrictions on the use of enzymes in the manufacture of cream cheese according to the Food and Drug Regulations?
What are the possible punishments for committing an offence under subsection 320.14(1) or 320.15(1) of the Criminal Code?
What happens to a thing seized in relation to an offence under the Weights and Measures Act if the forfeiture is directed by the court?
What are the requirements for a person to be employed in the manufacture of B.C.G. vaccine?
What is the requirement for a Review Board to refer a finding for review to the superior court of criminal jurisdiction in the case of a high-risk accused?
What are the requirements for a borrower to continue or regain their status as a full-time student under the Canada Student Financial Assistance Regulations?
What is the formula used to determine the amount of additional compensation to be paid to a member or veteran who received a disability award before April 1, 2017?
What is the condition under which the payment of an allowance or annuity to a person can be resumed according to the Public Service Superannuation Act?
What are the measures to be taken in relation to an excavation that has obtained the pipeline company's written permission prior to June 19, 2016?
What is the time limit for the Canadian International Trade Tribunal to prepare a report on an inquiry?
What information must an employer disclose if they have filed a claim for exemption from disclosing information on a safety data sheet or label?
What is the procedure for opening and closing a session in the Municipal Court?
What is the purpose of the Legislative Instruments Re-enactment Act?
What is the requirement for an employee to provide notice to their employer when taking a leave of absence under sections 206.3 to 206.9 of the Canada Labour Code?
What are the responsibilities of the auditor of a registered referendum committee according to the Referendum Act?
What is the requirement for an insurance holding company if it acquires control of an entity through temporary investment?
What information is required to be included in the registration form for a capital lease according to the Canada Small Business Financing (Establishment and Operation of Capital Leasing Pilot Project) Regulations?
What obligations does a railway company have if a railway line or operating interest in a railway line returns to them?
What factors contribute to the total amount available to the beneficiary for the EAP under the Canada Education Savings Regulations?
What is the definition of "airport business" according to the Airport Transfer (Miscellaneous Matters) Act?
What is the requirement for a borrower regarding attending meetings related to their guaranteed student loan?
What types of hazardous products do the Hazardous Products Regulations not apply to?
What are the reference standards for anterior pituitary extract according to the Food and Drug Regulations?
What are the duties of the conduct review committee of a provincial company?
What are the conditions for granting remission under the Non-signatory Yukon First Nations Remission Order?
What are the requirements for notifying the Attorney General about an application for an order of restoration under subsection 24(1) of the Act?
What are the exceptions to the Withdrawal from Disposal of Certain Tracts of Territorial Lands in Nunavut (Kivalliq area) Order regarding existing rights and interests?
What factors does the Refugee Appeal Division consider when deciding an application to join or separate appeals?
What are the limitations of the Marine Transportation Security Act in relation to vessels and marine facilities?
What are the conditions under which the Minister must suspend a dealer's licence according to the Benzodiazepines and Other Targeted Substances Regulations?
What is the contribution rate for judges appointed after February 16, 1975, to the Supplementary Retirement Benefits Account?
What is the consequence for a taxpayer who fails to pay all or part of a tax required by section 198 of the Income Tax Act?
What are the obligations of individuals involved in an emergency situation in a port, according to the Port Authorities Operations Regulations?
What are the consequences if the Minister extends the time for filing a return under subsection 17(1) of the Underused Housing Tax Act?
What are the periods within which eligible authors can claim private copying remuneration for different tariffs?
What information must be collected and provided to the Minister for electric ranges that have at least one surface element and at least one oven, and were manufactured on or after February 3, 1995 and before August 1, 2003?
What are the conditions under which the Board's right, title, and interest in live stock can be released in favor of the settler under the Soldier Settlement Act?
What is the formula for calculating the Pension Index in Canada?
What is the procedure for the collection of biometric information according to the Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations?
What types of amounts are credited to the Vessel Remediation Fund under the Wrecked, Abandoned or Hazardous Vessels Act?
What is the penalty tax that a corporation must pay if it discontinues its venture capital business as a registered labour-sponsored venture capital corporation or a revoked corporation?
What are the circumstances under which a staff member of the same sex as an inmate may conduct a routine strip search?
What is the maximum NOx emission intensity allowed for a class 80 or class 70 boiler or heater that has undergone a major modification involving combustion modification techniques?
What information should be included in the appellant's affidavit when applying for release from custody pending appeal?
What action does the Board take when a grievance has been referred to adjudication and the aggrieved employee has notified the Board as required?
What are the consequences for a defendant in an action for infringement if they establish innocent infringement in relation to a registered topography?
What is the definition of a designated entity in the Regulatory Capital (Trust and Loan Companies) Regulations?
What are the specific provisions for the discharge of garbage from a vessel in Canadian waters?
What is the purpose of conducting function and reliability test flights for an aircraft type certificate application in Canada?
What are the conditions under which approval is not required for a person with a significant interest in a class of shares of a bank holding company?
What information is required in the application for authorization for a heritage railway station?
What are the conditions under which a government institution can provide services related to access to information to another government institution?
What provisions apply to the reconsideration of a determination under subsection 81.38(3) of the Excise Tax Act?
What measures should be taken by certain professionals and entities in British Columbia to determine if a person they have a business relationship with is a politically exposed foreign person or closely associated with one?
What types of agreements can a registered creator enter into to create compliance credits for a compliance period?
What is the purpose of the lieutenant governor in council of a province making regulations in respect of the provincial parole board and offenders under its jurisdiction?
What information must the importer provide to the Minister at the time of importation of a pest control product, according to Subsection 36(1) of the Pest Control Products Regulations?
What types of expenditures can the Canada Revenue Agency make using the revenues received through its operations?
What are the qualifications for being appointed as a member of the Board of Trustees of a museum?
What authority does the Minister have regarding minimum wage on a basis other than time?
What is the meaning of "specified service" according to section 178.7 of the Excise Tax Act?
Who is authorized to act as President if the office of President is vacant?
What types of payments can be subject to garnishment under the Garnishment, Attachment and Pension Diversion Act for parliamentary entities?
What are the duties and functions of the Director of Public Prosecutions under the Director of Public Prosecutions Act?
What information must be included in a notice of violation issued under the Canada-Newfoundland and Labrador Atlantic Accord Implementation Act?
What information must be shown in the supplemented food facts table regarding omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and monounsaturated fatty acids?
What is the definition of "non-viability contingent capital" in the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Conversion Regulations?
What happens if an offender who is found to be a dangerous offender is later convicted of a serious personal injury offence or an offence under subsection 753.3(1)?
What information must be included in the end of model year report for each fleet that conforms under paragraph 11(1)(d) of the Marine Spark-Ignition Engine, Vessel and Off-road Recreational Vehicle Emission Regulations?
What are the criteria for disregarding foreign materials in determining the country of origin of goods under the De Minimis provision?
What laws are in force in Manitoba according to the Manitoba Supplementary Provisions Act?
What are the designated provisions that can be proceeded with as a violation under the Administrative Monetary Penalties Regulations (International Bridges and Tunnels)?
What are the reporting requirements for public service agencies involved in transactions with firearms under subsection 13(1) of the Public Agents Firearms Regulations?
What provisions should an appellant consolidate when appealing both a disposition or a placement decision and a verdict of being unfit to stand trial or not criminally responsible on account of mental disorder?
What conditions must be included in an order for release from custody pending appeal?
What are the designated areas of service for the registration centres in Ontario as mentioned in the Ontario Sex Offender Information Registration Regulations?
What is the definition of an "original proceeding" according to the National Energy Board Rules of Practice and Procedure?
What is the purpose of paragraph 67(1)(b.1) of the Act in relation to goods and services tax credit payments in bankruptcy and insolvency cases?
What are the duties of directors and officers of a bank according to the Bank Act?
What is the definition of a "small processor" according to the Saskatchewan Hog Marketing Levies Order?
What factors must a judge or court consider when deciding whether the public interest in disclosure outweighs the public interest in non-disclosure under the Security of Information Act?
What are the rules that apply to alcohol contained in a special container located on a person's bottle-your-own premises on the implementation date according to Section 314 of the Excise Tax Act?
What is the procedure for varying or revoking an order made under section 486.4 or 486.5 of the Criminal Code?
What activities are prohibited under the Explosives Act?
What are the circumstances in which the operator of a conveyance must inform a quarantine officer before the conveyance arrives at its destination in Canada?
What is the formula for calculating the population adjustment factor in the Federal-Provincial Fiscal Arrangements Regulations, 2007?
What is the definition of "arrangement" according to the Canada Cooperatives Act?
What are the exceptions for proceedings under the Energy Efficiency Act?
What are the fees for using the Food Research and Development Centre's facilities during the period from September 1, 1992, to August 31, 1995?
What is the process for recommencing an inquiry under the Special Import Measures Act?
What are the requirements for testing and maintenance of meters and other components in the flow system according to the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Area Petroleum Operations Framework Regulations?
What is the duration of an interim order made under the Human Pathogens and Toxins Act?
What is the treatment of a combined supply under the Harmonized Value-added Tax System Regulations in Ontario and British Columbia?
What are the maximum flight time limitations for flight crew members according to the Canadian Aviation Regulations?
What formula is used to determine the period during which the carrying out of the project may create provisional compliance credits?
What is the requirement for a person inside Canada who makes a claim for refugee protection or submits any document or provides information with a view to making a claim, other than at a port of entry?
What is the rebate for artistic works produced for export under the Excise Tax Act?
What are the requirements and prohibitions regarding the withdrawal of consent in section 8 of the Act?
What time limits are suspended under the Time Limits and Other Periods Act (COVID-19) from March 13, 2020, to September 13, 2020?
What is the definition of "intervener" in the Parliamentary Employment and Staff Relations Regulations?
What information is considered prescribed information in relation to a line of credit, according to subsection 54(1)?
What actions can a judge take during a status review in the Federal Court of Appeal?
What sections of the National Housing Loan Regulations will continue in force until an amount is specified under paragraph 51(2)(b) of the National Housing Act?
What is the adjustment process for the revised cost recovery charge of a large oil pipeline company under subsection 17(2.1) of the National Energy Board Cost Recovery Regulations?
What provisions does Section 75 of the Income Tax Application Rules apply to?
What actions are prohibited under subsection 50.1(1) of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Act?
What documents must be included in the reply record for an appeal made by a person who is the subject of an appeal?
What is the definition of "vulnerable place" in the Explosives Regulations, 2013?
What is the process for appointing a single member to the public interest commission under the Federal Public Sector Labour Relations Act?
What powers does the Minister have in relation to the pipeline under the Northern Pipeline Act?
What is the purpose of section 343 of the Department of Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Act?
What provisions must be included in an order made under subsection 30.11(1) of the Competition Act?
What actions does the Canadian International Trade Tribunal take when a person fails to comply with the designation of confidential information?
What are the purposes for which zoning regulations can be made under subsection 5.4(2) of the Aeronautics Act?
What are the contribution requirements for a contributor who is entitled to count service without pay as pensionable service?
What information should be included in the port security assessment?
What is the process for making, amending, or repealing a by-law that regulates the business or affairs of an association according to the Cooperative Credit Associations Act?
What happens if an amount is transferred from a Tax-Free First Home Savings Account (FHSA) to another FHSA, RRSP, or RRIF?
What are the regulations for storing, displaying, and transporting antique firearms by individuals?
What protections are in place for employees who report an environmental emergency under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999?
What safety measures are required for employees regarding travelling blocks, hooks, elevators, and weight indicators in Canada's oil and gas drilling and production regulations?
What is the time period within which a corrected report must be submitted to the Minister under subsection 177(2) of the Act?
What are the required components of the appellant's factum in a criminal appeal in Prince Edward Island?
What procedures can be established under the First Nations Fiscal Management Act for the purposes of section 31 or 33?
What are the conditions under which the Board may suspend a well approval?
What are the conditions that a prepackaged product must meet in order for subsection (1) to apply to it?
What is the process for applying for a recount of votes cast in an electoral district on a referendum question?
What is the required stability of every device for use in trade set out in Column I of an item of the table to this subsection?
What are the types of costs and activities in respect of which a grant, contribution or loan may be made or guarantee given under the Industrial and Regional Development Act?
What is the status of Section 68.161 in the Excise Tax Act?
What is the designation of the Chief Public Health Officer in the new agency?
What are the criteria for an individual to be considered to have a Canadian ownership rate of 100% under the Canadian Ownership and Control Determination Regulations, 1984?
What types of orders can a youth justice court make against a young person under the Youth Criminal Justice Act?
What are the conditions of registration for a person under the Controlled Goods Regulations?
What are the consequences of filing an election under section 259 of the Canadian Energy Regulator Act?
What happens when a pooled spacing unit is included in a unit area according to the Canada Oil and Gas Operations Act?
What is the formula for calculating the taxable income of a corporation whose chief business is the operation of ships in a specific province?
What information must a participant record for each batch of high-renewable-content fuel that resulted from blending or was imported?
What are the possible reasons for the Board to reject a complaint under the Use of French in Federally Regulated Private Businesses Act?
What are the possible punishments for committing an offence under section 368 of the Criminal Code?
What is the presumed date of receipt for a notice or communication sent electronically in respect of a person's business account?
What are the general prohibitions regarding the use of restricted area identity cards and keys at aerodromes in Canada?
What is the purpose of the Nova Scotia Offshore Revenue Fiscal Equalization Offset Payments Regulations?
What is the process for requesting a review of a decision made under the Rental Housing Benefit Act?
What is the entitlement period for surplus employees in the public service?
What is the voting entitlement for a policyholder who holds both participating policies and policies other than participating policies?
Under what circumstances can the Federal Minister designate an individual as a special officer for the administration and enforcement of the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Petroleum Resources Accord Implementation Act?
What are the potential penalties for fraudulent transactions relating to contracts and trade under subsection 383(1) of the Criminal Code?
What are the definitions of "NET" and "GROSS" in relation to the register of volumetric liquid meters?
What types of shares or debt obligations may not be designated by a corporation in respect of the Refundable Tax on Corporations in Respect of Scientific Research and Experimental Development Tax Credit?
How is the pay-out price of a place pool calculated when certain conditions are met?
What are the standard dosage units for adults and children for different types of salicylates?
What is the period during which no disciplinary action may be taken according to subsection 19.5(3) of the Public Servants Disclosure Protection Act?
What is the definition of control in relation to a corporation, an unincorporated entity, a limited partnership, and a trust, according to the Pooled Registered Pension Plans Regulations?
What are the authorized individuals or officials who can administer affidavits, declarations, or affirmations outside of Canada for them to be valid in the Supreme Court?
What are the exceptions to Subsection 377(4) of the Trust and Loan Companies Act regarding the acquisition of shares or control of a company?
What are the requirements for a bank holding company or a trust or loan corporation to be exempt from Subsection 8.1(1) of the Insurance Business (Banks and Bank Holding Companies) Regulations?
What are the restrictions on creditors' remedies and actions against an insolvent person or their property after the filing of a proposal under subsection 62(1) of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act?
What can a person do if they disagree with a decision made by the Director under the Canada Cooperatives Act?
Who is responsible for the testing referred to in sections 90 to 91.1 of the Cannabis Regulations?
What are the acceptable forms of security deposit under subsection 7(2) of the Special Services (Customs) Regulations?
What are the designated information banks that may be searched under Part I of the Act?
What is the liability and responsibility of members of an unincorporated body under the Excise Act, 2001?
What conditions must be satisfied for a justice of the peace to issue a warrant authorizing entry into a dwelling house or living quarters under subsection 46.13(2) of the Pilotage Act?
What are the storage requirements for propellant powder, percussion caps, and black powder cartouches in a storage unit?
What are the approved insignia of rank for non-commissioned officers in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police?
What is the purpose of the agreement that the Minister of Finance can enter into with the government of a province under Section 122.71 of the Income Tax Act?
What are the circumstances under which a thing detained or seized under the Wild Animal and Plant Protection and Regulation of International and Interprovincial Trade Act is automatically forfeited to Her Majesty?
What is the purpose of Pilot Project No. 17 in the Employment Insurance Regulations?
What are the requirements for an association to accept an on-track account bet?
What are the effective dates for a new option or election under subsection 23(2) or 23(3) of the Canadian Forces Superannuation Regulations?
What is the definition of "use in commercial activities" according to the Excise Tax Act?
What is the formula used to determine the net tax attributable to non-gaming activities for a provincial gaming authority?
What are the prescribed persons for the purposes of clause 149(1)(o.2)(iv)(D) of the Act?
What are the prescribed requirements for an applicant under paragraph 28.01(2)(d) of the Act in relation to a previously regularly filed application for a patent?
What conditions allow for a reduction in the total value of a foreign company's assets under the Assets (Foreign Companies) Regulations?
What is the purpose of adapting subsection 126(1) of the Employment Insurance Act?
What is the deadline for a former licensed dealer to make a report to the Minister if their license expires or is revoked within the first three months of a calendar year?
What are the written instructions that the authorized representative of a vessel must provide to the master according to subsection 206(1) of the Marine Personnel Regulations?
What is the maximum additional effective period that can be assigned to a certificate issued pursuant to applications received in the same month?
What types of claims fall under the maritime jurisdiction of the Federal Court according to subsection 22(2) of the Federal Courts Act?
What information must be inscribed on the identification tag of a witness post according to the Northwest Territories Mining Regulations?
What is included in the computation of income for a person or partnership who has received a loan from a particular corporation or a related corporation?
What powers do officers or employees of Her Majesty have with respect to administering oaths and taking affidavits?
What does Section 9 of the Aeronautics Act pertain to?
What are the requirements for signing a document under seal issued in accordance with the Formal Documents Regulations?
What is the definition of "period of eligibility" in the Employment Insurance Regulations?
What information must be included in the consent of aggrieved employees when presenting a group grievance?
What information is required to be included in the report that the holder of the licence must submit to the Agency?
What are the prohibitions regarding false promotion of cannabis and cannabis accessories under the Cannabis Act?
What are the conditions for granting relief from the payment of duties and excise taxes for Canadian goods that are imported and subsequently exported after being used in Canada for a prescribed purpose?
What types of documents are considered valid training certificates for foreign carriers transporting dangerous goods by road, air, and sea?
What requirements must a transportation service provider meet for the hardware or software components of an automated self-service kiosk?
What conditions must be met for the premiums to be waived under the Veterans Insurance Act?
What are the requirements for drivers in emergencies and adverse driving conditions according to the Commercial Vehicle Drivers Hours of Service Regulations?
What is the definition of "rebate entitlement" in the New Harmonized Value-added Tax System Regulations for Prince Edward Island?
What measures can the Bank take in respect of the dissolution of a clearing house if it is a shareholder?
What is the meaning of "Correctional Investigator" in the Corrections and Conditional Release Act?
What information must be included in each line entry of Part A of the movement document for a shipment containing hazardous waste or hazardous recyclable material?
What is the composition of the board of directors in a bank holding company if subsection 758(1) or paragraph 758(2)(b) applies at the close of a shareholders' meeting?
What happens if the person named in a notice of violation pays the penalty within the prescribed time and manner?
What is the condition for a non-resident individual to have a taxable capital gain in a particular province in Canada?
What are the rights and powers of the shíshálh Nation Government District as a legal entity?
What instructions should an employer issue if the manual handling of materials may be hazardous to the health or safety of an employee?
What information must be included in an end of model year report if it contains a specific statement regarding trailers?
What is the process for a bank holding company or a person referred to in section 799 to apply for indemnification under the Bank Act?
What are the restrictions on surrendering or commuting benefits described in section 16 or 17 of the Pension Benefits Standards Act, 1985?
What are the rules regarding the processing of minerals or processed minerals not produced from the mine in Nunavut?
Under what conditions can the sampling and testing of the effluent be conducted at a reduced frequency of once a month?
What types of life insurance policies are excluded from being included in the computation of income for a taxation year?
What are the conditions for making half-yearly payments on account of the subsidy under the Dry Docks Subsidies Act?
What is required to be included in the monitoring report that the owner or operator of a wastewater system must send to the authorization officer?
What is the obligation of the Minister before recommending an order to the Governor in Council under subsection (2) of Section 34 of the Species at Risk Act?
What happens to the position of an employee in the office of the Ethics Commissioner when section 81 of the Parliament of Canada Act comes into force?
What does a plan or arrangement established under subsection (1) of the Special Retirement Arrangements Act provide for?
What information must be included in the summary document before releasing sperm or ova from quarantine?
What are the grounds on which the Minister may issue a notice to a health care practitioner under subsection 335(4)?
What is the purpose of the register of associations mentioned in Section 434 of the Cooperative Credit Associations Act?
What is the formula for calculating the beneficial Canadian ownership of a class of formal equity?
What is the elevation of the airport reference point in Rimouski Airport?
What is the requirement for a regulated entity if it does not have a digital platform accessible to the public?
What are the conditions under which the transcript of testimony given by a police officer during a voir dire or preliminary inquiry can be received as evidence at trial?
What are the requirements for the legibility and language of the information on a shipping document and consist according to the Transportation of Dangerous Goods Regulations?
What are the conditions that need to be satisfied for the sale or advertisement for sale of a human milk fortifier to be authorized?
What are the terms and conditions that the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation establishes for transactions with bridge institutions?
What are the levels of interference with a crew member according to the Canadian Aviation Regulations?
What are the minimum safety factors that should be adopted in the manufacture of articles listed in Schedule 6?
What information does Foothills need to submit to the designated officer for review and evaluation of the manual?
What are the special rules applicable to the continuance of the Canadian Wheat Board under the Income Tax Act?
What are the conditions that must be met before a justice or judge can order a person to produce a document containing tracking data?
What is the effect of the election on the individual in relation to their initial claim for benefits under the Employment Insurance Act?
What is the binding effect of an assessment on a representative of an unincorporated body under the Excise Tax Act?
What is the recommended method for testing openings created by the detachment or displacement of an accessory from a crib?
What is the legal status of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations in Canada?
What factors does the Minister consider before adding a therapeutic product to Schedule G?
What are the circumstances under which a record or information can be disclosed under the Species at Risk Act?
What is the punishment for making false or deceptive statements to a preclearance officer, police officer, or border services officer in Canada?
What factors are taken into account in determining the imputed income for the Income Replacement Benefit under subsection 118(2) of the Veterans Well-being Regulations?
What is the rate that is substituted for the effective rate referred to in paragraph (1)(a) for the purposes of subsection (2) of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Act?
What is the purpose of the provision in the Canada Evidence Act regarding notarial acts in Quebec?
What factors are considered when determining the Canadian ownership rate of a life insurance company incorporated outside Canada?
What is the definition of an indexed payment in relation to an indexed debt obligation?
What is the purpose of the actuarial valuation report and assets report under the Public Pensions Reporting Act for a plan established under the Reserve Force Pension Plan?
What are the requirements for a compliance notice to be permanently attached to a vessel according to the Small Vessel Regulations?
What are the conditions under which the benefit period can be cancelled at the request of the claimant?
Who can be fingerprinted or photographed under the Identification of Criminals Act?
What actions must the Minister take if an appeal under this Part results in the vacation or variation of an assessment or determination?
What is the process for determining the contribution of each jurisdiction in the Forfeited Property Sharing Regulations?
What provisions of Part 1 apply to the importation or sale of a medical device if the manufacturer holds an authorization for the device?
What changes were made to the definition of "former member" in the Pension Benefits Standards Act, 1985?
What are the conditions that must be complied with when camping in a public campground according to the camping permit regulations?
What documents must be included in the record of the case for a person sought for the purpose of prosecution?
What is the process for requesting a re-determination under the Special Import Measures Act?
What are the restrictions imposed on a debtor's actions and property disposal in Canada when a foreign proceeding is recognized as a foreign main proceeding under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act?
What information should be included in the notice to the Minister when importing a device into Canada?
What constitutes a discriminatory practice under Section 10 of the Canadian Human Rights Act?
What is the purpose of the Canadian Energy Regulator Act?
What is deemed to be a false statement regarding the value of a property or service, according to subsection 285.1(10) of the Excise Tax Act?
What is the time frame for completing a review under the Canada Consumer Product Safety Act?
What factors does the Nunavut Surface Rights Tribunal consider when determining the amount of compensation payable under an order?
What information is required for establishing a benefit period under the Employment Insurance Act?
What powers does the court have in relation to the recovery of infringing copies and plates under the Copyright Act?
What concepts reflect the principle of substantive equality in the Act respecting First Nations, Inuit and Métis children, youth and families?
What are the conditions precedent for bringing an action under subsection 339(2) of the Trust and Loan Companies Act?
What factors and criteria does the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation consider when assigning a score to member institutions?
What are the regulations that the Governor in Council can make pertaining to law enforcement activities conducted under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act?
What is the grossed-up amount of an individual's provisional PSPA with respect to an employer associated with a past service event, according to subsection 8304.1(7) of the Income Tax Regulations?
What is the formula for calculating the amount of taxable income earned by a federal credit union in a province?
What are the requirements for transferring a heliport certificate in Canada?
What are the conditions under which a bank can enter into a transaction with a widely held bank holding company or a widely held insurance holding company?
What are the reporting obligations for a person subject to an order under the Sex Offender Information Registration Act?
What is the tax payable under the Petroleum and Gas Revenue Tax Act for a taxpayer in a taxation year ending in 1986?
What are the requirements for a count in an indictment according to Section 581 of the Criminal Code?
What are the qualifications required for a firm of accountants to be qualified as an auditor of a bank holding company under the Bank Act?
What information must the holder of a permit or certificate provide to the Regulator by January 31 of each calendar year?
What are the conditions under which a trust is deemed to cease to be resident in Canada and become an exempt foreign trust?
What is the purpose of subsection 6(1) of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations?
What happens if the President decides not to renew an undertaking under the Special Import Measures Act?
What is the maximum percentage that can be deducted as an additional reserve for a taxpayer's income from a business carried on as an insurance agent or broker, for a taxation year ending in 1996?
What are the exceptions to the prohibition on hunting migratory game birds near areas where bait has been deposited?
What are the rights of an employee who has made a request under subsection 205.057(1) of the Canada–Newfoundland and Labrador Atlantic Accord Implementation Act regarding pregnant or nursing employees?
Under what circumstances can the Minister disclose the explicit biological name of a living organism in respect of which a request for confidentiality has been made?
What are the restrictions on night work for premises licensed under the Excise Act?
What does paragraph 30(1)(l.1) of the Food and Drugs Act pertain to?
What actions does the President take upon receiving a properly documented written complaint under subsection (1) of the Special Import Measures Act?
What conditions must be met for a permit to transport or convey a prohibited or restricted firearm to be deemed an authorization to transport?
What changes were made to the preamble of the Red Tape Reduction Act?
What are the factors that determine a significant bargaining power imbalance between an operator and news businesses according to the Online News Act?
What measures can an enforcement officer take if a person fails to comply with an order under the Greenhouse Gas Pollution Pricing Act?
According to the Public Service Staffing Complaints Regulations, when is a notice considered received if it is sent by mail?
What are the conditions for granting an extension of time to appeal under section 67.1 of the Customs Act?
What acts are not considered copyright infringement for educational institutions in relation to works available through the Internet?
What are the consequences if a person who has entered into a compliance agreement does not comply with it?
What is the elevation of the airport reference point in Gjoa Haven Airport?
What does the Minister consider when receiving a request under subsection 23(3) of the Aeronautics Act?
How does the Chief Statistician of Canada determine the population of a province or territory for a fiscal year?
What are the responsibilities of the authorized representative of a foreign vessel that holds a safety certificate required by SOLAS?
How are insurable earnings allocated for the purposes of section 14 of the Employment Insurance Act?
What are the requirements for assistance for an assisted prospector according to Section 13?
What is the application of subsection 7(1) of the Wage Earner Protection Program Act?
What are the steps involved in the procedure for the issuance of security documentation for a domestic ferry?
What is the process for requesting an extension of a time limit in a procurement complaint according to the Canadian International Trade Tribunal Rules?
What are the potential punishments for contravening the security regulations under the Canadian Energy Regulator Act?
What information is required to be included in a financial transactions return according to the Canada Elections Act?
What are the regulations regarding the parking of motorized or manual materials handling equipment in Canada?
What are the required parts of a motion or application brief according to the Criminal Proceedings Rules of the Manitoba Court of Queen's Bench?
What is the requirement for taking proceedings to enforce or determine any right or obligation under sections 9 to 15 of the Canada-Ukraine Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act?
What is the definition of regulatory capital for a bank according to the Regulatory Capital (Banks) Regulations?
What is the exception to the approval process for ownership of banks under the Bank Act?
What powers does the Canada Industrial Relations Board have regarding determinations or orders made under the Status of the Artist Act?
What are the restrictions on promoting insurance policies or services in Canada according to the Insurance Business (Trust and Loan Companies) Regulations?
What are the requirements for storing goods in a bonded warehouse according to the Customs Bonded Warehouses Regulations?
What are the requirements for seed to be graded with a Canada pedigreed grade name?
What conditions can the releasing authority impose on the parole, statutory release, or unescorted temporary absence of an offender in order to protect the victim or a person affected by the offence?
What are the limitations regarding the deduction of amounts under subsection 118(1) of the Income Tax Act?
What is the effect of the approval of the Minister for the application of section 178.3 of the Act on a direct seller's taxable supply of an exclusive product to an independent sales contractor?
What is the time limit for bringing an action or claim in the Nuclear Liability and Compensation Act?
What are the provisions for remuneration and travel expenses for members of the Canada Industrial Relations Board under the Canada Labour Code?
What are the requirements for the validity of a certificate issued in respect of a lashing or component if its cross-sectional area appears to be reduced by 10% or more from its original area, according to the Timber Code?
What factors does the court consider when determining whether to make a termination order under the International Transfer of Offenders Act?
What is the fundamental purpose of sentencing for offences under the Wild Animal and Plant Protection and Regulation of International and Interprovincial Trade Act?
What is the purpose of the well verification scheme mentioned in Section 19 of the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Area Petroleum Operations Framework Regulations?
What is the purpose of the Western Grain Stabilization Account?
What are the time limits for filing and serving factums on appeal in Manitoba for cases related to conviction, conviction and sentence, or acquittal?
What is the purpose of the consolation double payout in pari-mutuel betting?
What happens if the board of directors fails to comply with subsection 749(2) or section 752 after a purported election or appointment of directors?
What is required to be carried out during each five-year survey of a surface or self-elevating mobile platform?
What is required of an auditor of an insurance holding company if they resign or learn of a meeting to revoke their appointment or appoint someone else in their place?
What is the requirement for a government institution when the Canadian International Trade Tribunal makes recommendations under section 30.15?
What information must be included in an application for a well approval in Canada–Newfoundland and Labrador Offshore Area Petroleum Operations Framework Regulations?
When does the guarantee of isolation end for isolated electrical equipment according to the Canada Occupational Health and Safety Regulations?
Who is jointly and severally liable for paying or remitting any required amount or fulfilling any requirement under the Excise Tax Act if the body is not an individual, corporation, partnership, trust, or estate?
What information must be displayed on the Canadian certification label for vehicles imported under subsections 7(2) and (2.1) of the Act?
What are the requirements for submitting a decommissioning plan for a factory, workplace, or magazine?
What seeds are designated as grain for the purposes of the Canada Grain Regulations?
What is the remuneration for the Chief Administrator under the Administrative Tribunals Support Service of Canada Act?
What are the powers of the Federal Court in an appeal under subsection (1) of the Bank Act?
What is the definition of a public servant in the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Petroleum Resources Accord Implementation Act?
What is the purpose of the Minister entering into an agreement with the government of a province or an Indigenous governing body under the Children's Special Allowances Act?
What are the requirements for waste receptacles in dining and food preparation areas according to the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Area Occupational Health and Safety Regulations?
What is the process for deducting and paying back the amount owed to a province by a person who received a payment from the province, in which Canada has contributed?
What happens if the reading taken during an emissions check with an analyzer is outside the measuring range specified by the analyzer's manufacturer?
What are the requirements for the transfer of a design approval document for an aeronautical product in Canada?
What is the specified period within which an application for an order under subsection 136(1) must be made?
What are the prohibited activities related to wild animals in Canadian national parks, according to the Canada National Parks Act?
What are the obligations of a widely held bank if it controls another bank and a person becomes a major shareholder of the other bank or any entity that also controls the other bank?
What authority does the Communications Security Establishment have when providing technical and operational assistance?
What is the eligibility criteria for becoming a member of the Military Police Complaints Commission?
What is the prescribed fee to maintain an application for a patent in effect for an anniversary date set out in item 8 of Schedule 2?
What is the formula used to determine the allocation of the Ontario quantity to a primary producer or remanufacturer who applies for an export allocation?
What is the rule for determining the origin of goods in a shipment?
What is the formula for calculating the compensation allowance payable to former members of the Senate under the Members of Parliament Retiring Allowances Act?
What is the meaning of "Census Agglomeration" for the purposes of section 4 in the Employment Insurance Act?
What formats are allowed for filing documents electronically according to the Specific Claims Tribunal Rules of Practice and Procedure?
What agricultural goods are subject to the Safeguard Surtax according to the Safeguard Surtax Regulations, 1995-2?
What is the requirement for the Minister of Finance regarding the publication of notices in the Canada Gazette related to the Multilateral Instrument in Respect of Tax Conventions Act?
What are the rules for applying sections 14 and 23 of the Excise Act, 2001 in respect of a cannabis licence issued before commencement day?
What is the definition of the "federal portion" in relation to the Apprentice Loans Regulations?
What are the purposes for which the new corporation or parent corporation, formed through amalgamation or winding-up, is deemed to be the same corporation as the particular corporation or subsidiary?
What are the conditions under which the Minister must not approve an activity plan in the Laurentian Channel Marine Protected Area?
What are the steps that an election officer assigned to the advance polling station should take if they determine that another ballot box is needed?
What power does the court have in relation to summoning creditors to consider a proposed compromise under the Winding-up and Restructuring Act?
What precautions should be taken when using compressed air to clean clothing contaminated with hazardous substances?
What are the requirements for a company to ensure that it no longer controls an entity or has a substantial investment in the entity after acquiring control or increasing the investment?
What is the special rule for determining the relevant proportion of eligible farming expenses for a taxpayer in a designated province?
What are the measures taken by the Complaints Committee if a complaint is not referred to the Discipline Committee?
What are the fixed days for preparing and publishing the initial accessibility plan for regulated entities described in paragraphs 7(1)(a) to (d) of the Act, regulated entities described in paragraph 7(1)(e) or (f) of the Act with an average of 100 employees or more, and regulated entities described in paragraph 7(1)(e) or (f) of the Act with an average of 10 to 99 employees?
What is the definition of "trucker" in the P.E.I. Vegetable Directed Sales (Interprovincial and Export) Regulations?
What actions can be taken in accordance with the provisions of an eligible financial contract under the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act?
What is the procedure for obtaining rulings on answers under objection in criminal proceedings in the Superior Court of Justice (Ontario)?
What permissions can the Minister grant to a subsidiary of a foreign bank under the Bank Act?
What are the requirements for vessels that are less than 50 m in overall length and vessels that are not self-propelled and that are of less than 3,000 gross tonnage, if they are operated exclusively in waters under Canadian jurisdiction or in waters under Canadian jurisdiction and on the high seas?
What are the requirements for visual surveillance and access control of nuclear substances in a nuclear facility according to Section 46 of the Nuclear Security Regulations?
What are the restrictions on insurance companies when entering into transactions with related parties under the Insurance Companies Act?
What is the purpose of the notice sent to the applicant under subsection (1) of Section 23 of the Investment Canada Act?
What information and documents must be included in the record of a fireworks display held on behalf of a licence holder?
What is the one-year period following the amalgamation of two members in relation to payment items and the Automated Clearing Settlement System?
What is prohibited under subsections 17(2) to (6) of the Act in relation to the promotion of cannabis, cannabis accessories, or services related to cannabis?
What are the requirements for a peace officer to apply for the release of information under the Family Orders and Agreements Enforcement Assistance Act?
What wildlife species have had their assessment time extended for one year from June 5, 2006?
What are the conditions for filing a surge complaint with the Canadian International Trade Tribunal?
What are the conditions under which a manufacturer of laminated products is exempt from performing selection and testing for formaldehyde emissions?
What are the conditions that must be met for the interior of a facility or conveyance where food is manufactured, prepared, stored, packaged, or labeled?
What statements can be included on a label for composite wood products under the Formaldehyde Emissions from Composite Wood Products Regulations?
What is the formula used to determine the base assessment amount for an entity under the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada Assessment of Expenses Regulations?
What are the consequences if the validation, issue, or reissue of a security would result in overissue according to Section 196 of the Canada Cooperatives Act?
What types of transactions are exempt from Part IX of the Act?
What are the requirements for packaging drugs under the Food and Drug Regulations?
What is the treatment of payments made by unions or associations to employers for expenses incurred due to an individual's participation in their activities, according to the Excise Tax Act?
What is the formula used to determine the deemed payment on account of tax for the disability supplement under subsection 122.7(3) of the Income Tax Act?
What is the consequence for a licensed manufacturer who disposes of video cassettes for a non-resident person without obtaining a required license?
What are the eligibility criteria for being appointed or continuing as a member of the Management Advisory Board under the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Act?
What are the conditions under which a former amount or benefit is considered to have been an amount or benefit under subsection 143.2(2) in respect of the taxpayer?
What are the requirements for the Minister to serve notice of appeal and notice of the Registry in the Tax Court of Canada?
What happens if two or more persons receive an equal number of votes at an election of directors in an insurance holding company?
What are the requirements for notifying the Minister regarding new construction or changes to the physical security of an aerodrome?
What are the prescribed conditions for a particular subsidiary to acquire a beneficial interest in the delivery shares?
What are the sponsor's obligations in conducting a clinical trial according to the Natural Health Products Regulations?
What is the formula used to determine the calculated level of consumption for an HCFC under the Consumption Allowances for HCFCs regulation?
What are the maximum allowable sulphur content levels for fuel oil used on board vessels operating in arctic waters or in Hudson Bay, James Bay, or Ungava Bay before and after January 1, 2020?
What is the purpose of the Succession to the Throne Act, 2013?
What is the purpose of the authorization given to the operators of trucks and other road transportation equipment in the context?
What are the conditions under which an issuer is not liable for a loss incurred as a result of the registration of a transfer of a security?
What are the requirements for a vehicle with a modified roof or a fixed security partition to not conform to TSD 226?
What are the requirements for preparing Poliovirus Vaccine, Live, Oral?
What are the regulations that can be made under the DNA Identification Act?
What is the maximum amount payable to a private lender when they demand repayment of a loan with insurance provided by the Minister?
What is the time limit for the Refugee Appeal Division to make a decision on an appeal?
What powers does a court have in reviewing an election or appointment of a director or public accountant under the Canada Not-for-profit Corporations Act?
What are the specific duties of the directors of an association according to subsection 167(2) of the Cooperative Credit Associations Act?
What information is required to be included in the nutrition facts table of a single-serving prepackaged product, other than one that is a prepackaged meal?
What precautions should be taken by a person who causes a dangerous situation in a port?
What is the requirement for an establishment that conducts an investigation regarding the distribution of implicated sperm or ova?
What additional information and material is required in an application for Integrated Circuit Topography Regulations?
What is the purpose of deducting earnings and allowances from the benefits payable to a claimant under the Employment Insurance Regulations?
What are the conditions under which tax is calculated at the rate of 7% on the value of the consideration for a supply of property or service in British Columbia?
What information must a Canadian insurance company provide to a borrower regarding a variable interest loan for a fixed amount?
What are the requirements for transporting neutron radiation detectors containing non-pressurized boron trifluoride gas?
What is the definition of an eligible entity according to subsection 250(6.04) of the Income Tax Act?
What is the process for conducting an inquiry into the state of competition in a market or industry under the Competition Act?
What is the requirement for the publication of proposed orders under Section 15 of the Telecommunications Act?
What are the penalties for contravening paragraph 122(1)(a) and paragraph 122(1)(b) or (c) under Section 123 of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act?
Under what circumstances does a person in charge of a vessel not contravene subsection 34(1) of the Wrecked, Abandoned or Hazardous Vessels Act?
What are the implications if a branch of a bank is not open for business on a business day according to the Bills of Exchange Act?
Under what circumstances can an accused person personally cross-examine a witness who is under the age of 18 years in a service offence trial?
What is the purpose of calculating interest under subsection (1) of Section 46 of the Public Service Superannuation Regulations?
What are the sponsor's obligations regarding the submission of information and samples in clinical trials involving human subjects under the Natural Health Products Regulations?
Under what circumstances can the Minister suspend a notice of compliance issued to a manufacturer in respect of a new drug submission?
What are the responsibilities of the electoral officer in preparation for the Indian Referendum?
What is the meaning of "adjusted income" for an individual according to section 122.6?
What information can a holder of subordinated indebtedness request from the trustee under Section 324 of the Insurance Companies Act?
What is the requirement for shares of a class of formal equity to be deemed owned by a person with a Canadian ownership rate?
What powers does the council of a first nation have in relation to oil and gas exploration and exploitation in their managed area?
What is the responsibility of the Deputy Attorney General of Canada regarding the service of an application under various acts?
What conditions must be met for the Minister to approve an activity plan in the Hecate Strait and Queen Charlotte Sound Glass Sponge Reefs Marine Protected Areas?
What are the limitations on objections by large corporations under subsection 165(1.13) of the Income Tax Act?
What are the conditions under which the provisions of Part IX of the Act relating to tax apply to supplies of real property made in Prince Edward Island?
What are the tax implications for an insurer when personal property is transferred to them after 1993?
What is the obligation of the Federal Public Sector Labour Relations and Employment Board under subsection 42(1) of the Federal Public Sector Labour Relations and Employment Board Act?
Under what circumstances can the Board assume management of a First Nation's local revenues?
What is the application of Nova Scotia social legislation in relation to workplaces situated within the offshore area for petroleum exploration or drilling?
What are the purposes of the Seized Property Management Act?
What are the rules regarding promotional allowances under the Excise Tax Act?
What are the notification requirements for the administrator of an importing plan in relation to benefits provided to an individual under a registered pension plan?
What is the requirement for a written request to be made for a meeting with the Broadcasting Arbitrator under the Canada Elections Act?
What are the requirements for making a payment out of the Account under the Public Officers Guarantee Regulations?
What is the purpose of a "notice of revocation" under the Excise Tax Act?
What is the process for designating an individual as an occupational health and safety officer under the Canada-Newfoundland and Labrador Atlantic Accord Implementation Act?
What is the definition of the "airport reference point" in the Saskatoon Airport Zoning Regulations?
What types of services can a classification society set fees for under the Canada Shipping Act?
What is the definition of a "combined fleet" in the context of the Passenger Automobile and Light Truck Greenhouse Gas Emission Regulations?
What is the definition of reprisal action according to the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Petroleum Resources Accord Implementation Act?
What is the rank of the Parliamentary Budget Officer within the Government of Canada?
What is the process for appointing the chairperson of the panel under the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Petroleum Resources Accord Implementation Act?
When does a disability pension cease to be payable under the Canada Pension Plan?
Under what circumstances can an exemption be granted from the requirement of marking an imported firearm in a visible place?
What are the conditions that must be met for including an amount in the calculation of regulatory capital under subsection (1)?
What is the purpose of the indemnification requirement for port authorities under the Port Authorities Management Regulations?
What must an applicant disclose in writing to the Business Development Bank of Canada?
What is the definition of "additional contribution rate ratio" in the Canada Pension Plan Sustainability Regulations?
What actions can the Governor in Council take if it is determined that goods entitled to the Peru Tariff are causing serious injury or a threat of serious injury to domestic producers?
What are the regulations regarding the registration of bonds in the name of minors in Canada?
What are the boundaries of Fishing Zone 4 in Canada?
What are the conditions under which a contract or transaction is not considered invalid under the Canada Cooperatives Act?
What is the definition of a non-prescription drug according to the Regulations Excluding Certain Vaping Products Regulated Under the Food and Drugs Act from the Application of the Tobacco and Vaping Products Act?
What are the details required in the unit operating agreement according to the Canada-Newfoundland and Labrador Atlantic Accord Implementation Act?
What is the purpose of the advisory council established under the Impact Assessment Act?
What agency has control over Laurier House and its contents?
What is the process for delivering a judgment in the Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador - Court of Appeal?
What is the purpose of the Supplementary Retirement Benefits Account established under the Supplementary Retirement Benefits Act?
What are the voting rights of shares in different series of the same class in an insurance holding company?
What happens to the Minister's obligations, contracts, and authorizations when Section 198 of the Museums Act comes into force?
What materials are election officers provided with before voting begins according to the Canada Elections Act?
What offences can a person commit by means of telecommunication under subsection 172.2(1) of the Criminal Code?
What is the purpose of using the terms "bank", "banker", or "banking" in a description of the corporate relationship between a non-bank affiliate of a foreign bank and a foreign bank that controls the non-bank affiliate?
What communications must a company provide to the Minister within five working days after they are sent to their recipients, for a period of five years?
What are the disclosure requirements for advertisements that claim a loan period is interest-free?
What are the obligations of a trustee in bankruptcy under the Underused Housing Tax Act?
What is the maximum rental rate increase allowed in any year for leases referred to in subparagraph 7(1)(b)(iii) or paragraph 8(1)(c) or (2)(c) or 11(1)(c) of the National Parks of Canada Lease and Licence of Occupation Regulations?
What are the implications for a foreign affiliate of a corporation resident in Canada if it subsequently becomes a foreign affiliate of another corporation resident in Canada that does not deal at arm's length with the electing corporation?
What factors should be taken into account when designing an offshore petroleum installation in Nova Scotia?
What are the requirements for motorized materials handling equipment that is in use at the time an amendment comes into force?
What happens to the number of provisional compliance credits created if an activity in a CO2e-emission-reduction project is no longer additional to what is required by federal or provincial laws?
What are the potential consequences for committing a common nuisance under Section 180 of the Criminal Code?
What are the indications that must be included in the notice given to an organization for the purpose of negotiating a remediation agreement under Section 715.33 of the Criminal Code?
What are the restrictions on permitted transactions under the Self-dealing section of the Bank Act?
What is the definition of a common-law partner in the Economic Action Plan 2014 Act, No. 1?
What are the limitations on transactions with directors, officers, and their interests under the Cooperative Credit Associations Act?
What is the purpose of section 131 of the Veterans Well-being Act?
What is the method for calculating the capitalized value of an annuity or annual allowance under the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Superannuation Regulations?
What happens to exploration agreements and declarations of significant discovery under the Canada–Newfoundland and Labrador Atlantic Accord Implementation Act?
What are the requirements for renewal of an Air Cushion Vehicle (ACV) Engineer, Class I certificate?
What are the restrictions on contacting a debtor or related individuals according to the Credit Business Practices Regulations?
Under what circumstances should the person transporting goods report an accident or event?
What are the conditions under which an individual is not required to pay tax under subsection 6(3) of the Underused Housing Tax Act?
What information must be provided to the Minister in respect of a general service lamp, according to the Energy Efficiency Regulations, 2016?
What is the process for a bank or a person referred to in section 212 to apply for an indemnity under section 214 of the Bank Act?
What authority is granted to the Governor in Council under the Olympic and Paralympic Marks Act?
What are the possible punishments for contravening subsection (1) of the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act?
What powers does the Competition Tribunal have with respect to witnesses, documents, and enforcement of its orders?
What are the requirements for a commercial transporter regarding the medical examination and treatment of foreign nationals?
What information must be included in a notice of violation under the Retail Payment Activities Act?
What are the conditions under which a claimant's waiting period can be deferred for unemployment benefits under the Employment Insurance Act?
What types of applications must contain the information, material, and evidence required by the Superintendent?
What happens to the drawback or refund if goods produce merchantable scrap or waste that cannot be granted a refund or drawback?
What is the process for reducing the amount required to be deducted or withheld from a qualifying payment made to a non-resident person in Canada?
What are the objectives of security exercises according to the Domestic Ferries Security Regulations?
What is the definition of "federal law" in the Canada-Korea Economic Growth and Prosperity Act?
What are the requirements for the issue of an arrest warrant by the Immigration Division?
What are the limitations on the exercise of an enforcement officer's powers under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999?
What is the definition of a "trade combination" according to Section 467 of the Criminal Code?
What is the purpose of a certificate issued under the Security of Information Act?
What information must be included in a subsequent disclosure statement for the renewal of a credit agreement for a loan secured by a mortgage or hypothec?
What actions can a railway safety inspector take if they believe there is an immediate threat to the safety or security of railway operations?
What information must be included in a report on a firearm transaction according to Section 13 of the Public Agents Firearms Regulations?
What are the consequences of disclosing confidential information under the Trust and Loan Companies Act?
What are the special rules applicable to changes in residence under the Income Tax Act?
What information must a company provide when importing tires into Canada?
What is the calculation for determining a solvency gain that emerges after December 31, 2010, according to the Canadian Press Pension Plan Solvency Deficiency Funding Regulations, 2010?
What is considered if a registered charity conducts and manages a lottery scheme in a casino under the supervision of a government or organization?
What is the definition of a Canadian business according to the Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations?
What are the construction and installation requirements for a steel platform according to the Nova Scotia Offshore Petroleum Installations Regulations?
What are the requirements for conducting a clinical trial in accordance with good clinical practices?
What information is recorded in the appropriate index of names for each document accepted for registration under subsection 25(3) of the Cree-Naskapi Land Registry Regulations?
What are the conditions under which a gas boiler is considered an energy-using product for the purpose of section 4 of the Energy Efficiency Regulations, 2016?
What are the requirements for the certification of a certificate of fitness in the Canada-Newfoundland and Labrador Offshore Area Petroleum Operations Framework Regulations?
What days are not computed in the calculation of deductions from a member's sessional allowance?
What factors does the Chief Conservation Officer consider when determining whether the use of a spill-treating agent is likely to achieve a net environmental benefit?
What are the limitations on the total payments to for-hire highway transportation companies and non-federally regulated railway companies and water transportation companies?
What information must a licensed dealer include in their application for prior approval to destroy a narcotic?
What are the qualifications required for a person to act as the pilot-in-command, second-in-command, or cruise relief pilot of an aircraft according to Section 705.106 of the Canadian Aviation Regulations?
What powers and duties can the designated officer exercise in respect of the pipeline under the Canadian Energy Regulator Act?
What powers does the Minister have under Section 158 of the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999?
What happens to the amount of contributions made by a contributor in respect of a period of service under any other Part of the Act, the Civil Service Superannuation Act, the Public Service Superannuation Act or the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Act, if no annuity, gratuity, or other benefit has been paid in respect of that period of service?
What information must be included in the report that is sent to the Minister regarding the seizure, finding, or acquisition of cannabis?
What is the definition of a transition property under the Income Tax Act?
What is required of the permit holder if the minister determines that sewage works will adversely affect land other than the project lands?
What are the conditions for granting remission of customs duties and excise taxes for non-commercial imported goods that are being replaced?
What factors does the Broadcasting Arbitrator consider when allocating broadcasting time for political broadcasts?
What is the procedure for enforcing an order made under the Pay Equity Act?
What periods of time are not counted in the computation of the assessment period under section 188 or 189 of the Excise Act, 2001?
What are the responsibilities of the person responsible for maintenance appointed under paragraph 573.03(1)(a) if a finding resulting from a quality assurance program is reported to them?
What factors are taken into account in determining whether an area requires special measures to facilitate economic expansion and social adjustment under the Special Areas Act?
What are the requirements for a permit holder to earn lands and select them for the intermediate term of the permit?
What happens to the regulations made under the Canada Shipping Act, 1985, under the Canada Shipping Act, 2001?
What are the requirements for installing used parts on an aeronautical product in Canada?
What are the requirements for submitting a report or notice to the Minister under the Clean Fuel Regulations?
What is the requirement for giving notice of an adjourned meeting if the meeting is adjourned for less than 30 days?
What happens to federal-provincial agreements made under the Penitentiary Act or the Prisons and Reformatories Act when section 214 comes into force?
What is the definition of "applicable provincial tax" in the Excise Tax Act?
What is the purpose of establishing the actual cost of a part of an initial development under subsection (3) of the Dominion Water Power Regulations?
What are the limits of error for measuring tanks calibrated in Canadian units of volume?
What happens if an offender fails to pay the amount ordered under certain sections of the Criminal Code?
What are the requirements for a rear-facing child restraint system during a dynamic test according to CMVSS 213?
What is the deemed payment on account of the principal amount of a debt if it becomes a parked obligation under subsection 261(14.1) of the Income Tax Act?
What is the purpose of a disposition hearing in the context of the Criminal Code?
What factors are taken into account when determining the amount of an administrative monetary penalty under the Canada Elections Act?
What are the criteria for renewing a licence authorizing an individual to possess a restricted firearm or a pre-December 1, 1998 handgun?
What are the technical requirements for a cabin on a train, other than a wheelchair-accessible cabin, according to the Accessible Transportation for Persons with Disabilities Regulations?
What is the formula used to calculate the weekly amount for Employment Insurance benefits based on a lump sum payment?
What are the acts or omissions for which the Commission may impose a penalty on a claimant or any other person acting for a claimant under the Employment Insurance Act?
What grounds can an appeal be taken on to the Court of Appeal under section 839 of the Criminal Code?
When can an employer remit contributions payable in a month that ends after a particular time in the calendar year?
What are the requirements for the filtration and ventilation system in buildings where cannabis or ingredients used in cannabis production are handled?
What does subsection 95(1) of the Canada Grain Act state in relation to a licensee's compliance with an arbitrator's decision?
What happens if a member or veteran dies before the Minister makes a determination on their application for pain and suffering compensation under the Veterans Well-being Act?
What is the burden of proof for establishing the existence of a disputed fact in the determination of a sentence?
What are the conditions for the application of the Regional Development Incentives Regulations, 1974?
What are the standards that must be met when packing dangerous goods in a cargo transport unit?
What are the requirements for installing vertical above ground storage tanks according to the Flammable Liquids Bulk Storage Regulations?
What are the types of transactions included in the class referred to in paragraph (1)(a) of the Prescribed Related Party Transactions under the Related Party Transactions (Banks) Regulations?
What are the conditions under which loans of materiel can be authorized by the Minister or designated authority?
What is the benefit accrual of an individual under a defined benefit provision of a registered pension plan in respect of a calendar year?
What is the requirement for the Canadian International Trade Tribunal to publish a notice in the Canada Gazette?
What are the due diligence procedures that a reporting Canadian financial institution must follow if it does not designate a financial account under subsection 264(1) for a calendar year?
What factors are taken into account in determining the imputed income for the Income Replacement Benefit under subsection 115(2) of the Act for veterans?
What is required of a claimant who wishes to participate in Pilot Project No. 1?
What happens to a seized thing or conveyance if no application for restoration is made within 60 days or if an application is made but no order of restoration is granted?
What are the accounting regulations for redeeming long term debt before its maturity date?
What measures can the Minister take with respect to entities, according to Section 203 of the Economic Action Plan 2013 Act, No. 1?
What happens to an association if it is found to be insolvent under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act?
What are the conditions that need to be met for an agreement for assistance to trap game in a trapping area to be approved by the superintendent?
Under what circumstances can the Minister suspend all or part of an establishment licence?
What is the limitation period for commencing proceedings by way of summary conviction under the Insurance Companies Act?
What are the remedial conduct measures that a conduct authority can impose against a subject member?
What factors may the Minister consider to determine the level of risk posed by the holder of a reinstated security clearance?
What authority does the Superintendent have regarding investments made by a society in contravention of the Insurance Companies Act?
What entities are bound by the provisions of the Excise Tax Act, specifically in relation to the collection and remittance of tax on taxable supplies?
What triggers the deemed payment of dividend for a non-resident insurer's qualified related corporation?
Who is eligible to apply for a unitization order under the Canada-Nova Scotia Offshore Petroleum Resources Accord Implementation Act?
What is the restriction on making new applications under paragraph 5(1)(a) of the Farm Debt Mediation Act?
When does a pension cease to be payable under the Old Age Security Act?
What are the different stages for the Costa Rica Tariff and how do they affect the customs duty rates for goods?
What does a firearms acquisition certificate deemed to be a licence authorize the holder to do?
What are the requirements for storing materials, goods, and things in rolling stock according to the On Board Trains Occupational Health and Safety Regulations?
What are the definitions of "break" and "place" in relation to the offence of breaking and entering to steal a firearm?
What are the requirements for employing an engineer on an air cushion vessel of more than 1,000 kg but less than 10,000 kg all up weight?
What are the conditions under which an application for a patent in Canada can be deemed abandoned?
What is the formula for determining the amount deductible from a registered retirement income fund under subsection 146.3(6.2) of the Income Tax Act?
What are the possible punishments for contravening the Health of Animals Act, other than section 15, or the regulations?
What are the remittance deadlines for employers with an average monthly withholding amount of $25,000 to $100,000?
What is the definition of an approach surface in the Canadian Forces Base Shearwater Airfield Zoning Regulations?
What are the conditions under which seismic data can be disclosed by the Minister or the council?
What actions should the master take if a test result shows that the concentration of the fumigant exceeds the TLV for the fumigant?
What are the conditions under which no tax is payable for a supply of service by a representative, trustee, receiver, or liquidator in a participating province or to a resident of a participating province?
What are the conditions under which a person can exercise an option under section 13.01 of the Act?
What is required before the construction of the bridge, tunnel, or ancillary works can commence?
What personal information can the Privacy Commissioner refuse to disclose under the Privacy Act?
What are the criteria for adding a drug to the List of Drugs for Exceptional Importation and Sale?
What is the requirement for the Minister regarding the tabling of a report under Subsection 8(1) of the Borrowing Authority Act?
What is the responsibility of Foothills during the construction of the pipeline in relation to fish movements and fish habitat utilization?
What happens to goods that have not been removed from a place of safe-keeping within a prescribed period of time?
What criteria must be met for a certifying authority to issue a certificate of fitness for oil and gas installations in Canada?
What information must a licensed dealer provide to the Minister within 72 hours after becoming aware of a suspicious transaction related to the diversion of a controlled drug?
What evidence is required to prove the age, death, or marital status of a contributor or the widow of a contributor under the Annuities Agents Pension Regulations?
Under what circumstances can the Board recommend a grant to a manufacturer under the Employment Support Act?
What is the definition of a senior officer under the Bank Act?
What information must be included in the notice of cessation of activities submitted by a licensed dealer?
What is the purpose of preparing an alphabetical list of members entitled to notice in accordance with Section 154 of the Cooperative Credit Associations Act?
What is the authority of the Minister or the Tax Court of Canada in deciding an appeal under section 27, 27.1 or 28 of the Canada Pension Plan?
What happens if an annuity contract ceases to be a Tax-free Savings Account (TFSA)?
What types of fire-extinguishing systems are required to be installed in spaces containing certain machinery and flammable liquids on offshore installations in Canada?
What are the conditions under which a fishing vessel of a state party to the Fish Stocks Agreement that is not a party to the WCPF Convention can fish in the WCPFC Regulatory Area for the fish regulated by the WCPFC Measures?
What are the subsections that do not apply to a patent granted on the basis of a category 1 application?
What is the definition of a petition under Section 7 of the Heritage Lighthouse Protection Act?
What information and documents must be included in a plan submitted to the Minister for approval for carrying out a scientific or educational activity in a marine protected area?
What are the sea service requirements for obtaining a Master 3 000 Gross Tonnage, Near Coastal certificate after obtaining a Master 500 Gross Tonnage, Near Coastal certificate, Watchkeeping Mate certificate, or Watchkeeping Mate, Near Coastal certificate?
What factors does the Minister consider when determining whether to issue an approval under the Canadian Navigable Waters Act?
What is the required content and order of documents in an appeal book according to subsection 344(1) of the Federal Courts Rules?
What are the requirements for erecting a boarding house, rooming house, or hostel in the Multiple-Family Dwelling District of the Town of Jasper?
What factors does the presiding judge determine at a pre-hearing conference in connection with an application?
What are the by-laws or regulations that should be included in the memorandum of agreement for the proposed board of trade?
What is the definition and value of interest in real property for insurance companies according to the Investment Limits (Insurance Companies) Regulations?
What are the requirements for obtaining a Specialized Liquefied Gas Tanker Training endorsement?
What are the criteria for determining independence under subsection 253(2) of the Canada Cooperatives Act?
What are the effects of continuance under the Bank Act?
What exemptions are provided for eligible funeral arrangements under the Income Tax Act?
What is the purpose of the Pension Benefits Division Act?
What is the definition of a contributor's pensionable service in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Superannuation Regulations?
What are the circumstances under which an official may disclose personal information to the Minister?
What are the frequency requirements for selection and testing of hardwood plywood or laminated products?
What are the conditions that need to be met for the Canadian Energy Regulator to disclose information to a foreign government or agency under the Canada Petroleum Resources Act?
What are the prohibitions regarding uranium mining and nuclear materials and technologies in Canada, as stated in the Regulations Implementing the United Nations Resolutions on Iran?
What is the method of calculation for determining the market value of a chicken under the Compensation for Certain Birds Destroyed in British Columbia (Avian Influenza) Regulations?
What conditions would cause the particular period referred to in subsection 112(2.33) to end?
What is the purpose of conducting proration tests in the context of allocation over multiple pools or zones in offshore petroleum operations in Canada?
What are the regulations that the Governor in Council may make regarding hours of work limitation and insurance in the Aeronautics Act?
What are the preferences, priorities, and entitlements for appointments in an advertised external appointment process under the Public Service Employment Act?
What is the definition of electronic payment according to section 278 of the Excise Tax Act?
What powers can a hearing officer exercise under subsection 13(4) of the Excise Act, 2001?
What is the process for filing a complaint regarding textile and apparel goods under the Canadian International Trade Tribunal Act?
What are the requirements for serving notice to a veteran regarding the intention to refer the question of rescission to a Provincial Advisory Board?
What is the requirement for the frequency of meetings of the National Film Board according to the National Film Act?
What is the purpose of calling a shareholders' meeting for a bank holding company according to the Bank Act?
What are the requirements for continuous external underground pipe leak monitoring according to Subsection 17(2)?
What powers does the Commodity Group have in relation to the marketing of cattle in interprovincial and export trade in Prince Edward Island?
What is the formula used to determine the number of compliance credits that can be created by supplying hydrogen to vehicles during a compliance period?
What are the conditions that need to be met for making a representation about an amino acid on the label or in an advertisement for a food?
What are the requirements for fishing seals without a license for food purposes?
What are the requirements for exporters and producers in relation to a verification of origin under paragraph 42.1(1)(a) of the Act?
What are the obligations regarding the duty to disclose for the RCMP or CSIS in Canada?
What duties are levied on dumped and subsidized goods imported into Canada?
What information must be collected and provided to the Minister in respect of a large heat pump manufactured on or after January 1, 2018?
What entities are required to determine whether they are in possession or control of property owned by a designated person or a listed person?
What is the interpretation of paragraph (3.1)(b) in relation to the Income Tax Act?
What are the restrictions on a company undertaking the business of insurance according to the Trust and Loan Companies Act?
What is a one-call centre and what are the obligations of a holder of permits and certificates in relation to it?
What is the purpose of the adaptation of subsection 259(7) of the Act in relation to selected public service bodies bringing tangible personal property into a participating province?
What are the conditions under which a taxpayer can add to their exemption threshold in respect of the flow-through share class of property?
What is the procedure for proving the correctness of a copy of a report, paper, votes, or proceedings in civil or criminal proceedings related to the Parliament of Canada Act?
What safety measures must employers ensure with respect to mobile equipment used at a workplace under their control?
What is the penalty for a promoter who charges a fee exceeding the maximum fee under the Disability Tax Credit Promoters Restrictions Act?
What are the requirements for the amounts of vitamins and minerals in a formulated liquid diet, based on the recommended intake of the food?
What information must be included in the initial declaration to the National Authority for a person carrying out an activity at a single small-scale facility under an authorization referred to in subsection 8(1) of the Act?
What are the criteria for determining the residence of a person in Canada according to the Selected Listed Financial Institutions Attribution Method (GST/HST) Regulations?
What is prohibited under Section 172 of the Canada Cooperatives Act regarding insider trading?
What is the penalty for delay in making a lump sum contribution under the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Pension Continuation Act?
What are the possible actions the Manager can take upon receiving a request for authorization?
What are the requirements for a self-elevating mobile offshore platform according to the Canada-Newfoundland and Labrador Offshore Area Petroleum Operations Framework Regulations?
What is the duty of the auditor of a foreign company under Section 645 of the Insurance Companies Act?
What are the requirements for a company to apply a national emissions mark to a vehicle, engine, or equipment in Canada?
What are the requirements for piping supports in the Chlorine Tank Car Unloading Facilities Regulations?
What are the powers of the Canada Industrial Relations Board in relation to any proceeding under the Status of the Artist Act?
What is the process for dismissing a complaint received by the College of Patent Agents and Trademark Agents relating to professional misconduct or incompetence by a licensee?
What is the option for determining the carbon intensity of a low-carbon-intensity fuel or a renewable natural gas, biogas, renewable propane, or hydrogen?
What is the definition of an amalgamation according to subsection 87(1) of the Income Tax Act?
What are the transitional provisions for the transition from weeks of insurable employment to hours of insurable employment?
What is the process for assessing claims for compensation under the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Pension Continuation Act?
What authority does the Canadian National Montreal Terminals Act, 1929 provide for the Canadian National Railways and its affiliated companies?
What are the duties of regulated entities in the transportation network regarding feedback under the Accessible Canada Act?
What is the maximum amount of grant a qualifying student can receive for the loan year commencing on August 1, 2023?
What are the potential penalties for contravening section 23 or subsection 25(3) of the International Bridges and Tunnels Act?
What constitutes false, misleading, or deceptive labelling under subsection 6(1) of the Act?
What are the conditions under which the strength requirement tests may be carried out for a bus seat that is not installed in the vehicle?
What testing standard should a ground source heat pump meet to comply with the energy efficiency standard?
What powers does the Superintendent have under subsection 510(1) of the Trust and Loan Companies Act?
What is the duration for which additional compensation in respect of a deceased spouse or common-law partner is paid to a prisoner of war?
What are the prescribed manners of verification for goods claiming the benefit of the Least Developed Country Tariff under the General Preferential Tariff and Least Developed Country Tariff Rules of Origin Regulations?
What happens to the bargaining agent and collective agreement when a business is sold in Canada?
Under what circumstances can the Minister direct that an application for a supplement be considered and dealt with as though the person did not have a spouse or common-law partner?
What disclosure must a company make when offering to waive a payment under a credit agreement for a loan for a fixed amount?
What are the purposes for which the Manager may have signs or devices installed in the Seaway or on Seaway property?
What criteria must be met for an electricity generation facility to determine the GHG emissions limit that applies to it under the Output-Based Pricing System Regulations?
What are the contents of the application for an order under section 672.76 of the Code?
What are the possible remedies that the Tribunal may order in response to a complaint of reprisal under the Public Servants Disclosure Protection Act?
What happens to the author's manuscripts and copyright in the event of bankruptcy?
What are the provisions for the determination and payment of benefits under the Canada Pension Plan?
What are the criteria for a manufacturer to submit a short report on tobacco constituents?
What actions are prohibited when a notice is given in accordance with subsection (1) of Section 42 of the Manitoba Fishery Regulations, 1987?
What are the types of miscellaneous refrigeration products according to the Energy Efficiency Regulations, 2016?
What are the fees associated with the registration of a special security under the Bank Special Security Regulations?
What are the fees payable for processing an application for a permanent resident visa in Canada?
What headings must be included in a regulated transport entity's accessibility plan according to the Accessible Transportation Planning and Reporting Regulations?
What are the requirements for registering a group of vessels as a fleet under the Canada Shipping Act, 2001?
What are the contents that each minister is required to include in an emergency management plan according to the Emergency Management Act?
What are the different ways in which a regulation included in the Revised Regulations can be cited and referred to in any Act, regulation, proceeding, instrument or document?
What elements are required to be included in an interim service difficulty report if all the information required under subsection 521.401(1) is not available within the specified period?
What is the jurisdiction of courts under the Coastal Fisheries Protection Act?
Who is considered a related party of a retail association according to the regulations?
What are the fishing regulations for the Inuvialuit subsistence fishery in the Yukon Territory?
What records must a person who exports or imports rough diamonds keep for a period of three years?
What are the circumstances under which a contributor may elect to pay for a period of service under the Superannuation Act without contribution?
What are the purposes for which an expropriating authority can expropriate Category IA-N land or buildings?
What are the restrictions on the use of information in the Register of Electors and Register of Future Electors according to the Canada Elections Act?
What is the purpose of the notice mentioned in Section 4 of the Compensation Regulations?
What are the components that the safety management system in Canadian aviation regulations should include?
What are the different districts in the Town of Jasper and their corresponding short titles?
What is the formula used to calculate the five-province per capita equalization standard for a fiscal year?
What are the consequences if a tariff is not amended in accordance with subsection (7) of the Air Transportation Regulations?
What are the required actions during a survival craft drill for vessels carrying free-fall lifeboats?
What is the measure of damages that the court may assess under subsection 266(6) or 266.1(1) of the Cooperative Credit Associations Act?
What are the rules for repayment of a refund if an application is made by a corporation under subsection (2) of the Income Tax Act?
What are the requirements for allowing a vessel to lie up in a historic canal?
What actions must the Minister take if they decide that there has been no contravention of the Customs Act or the regulations in respect of the goods or conveyance?
What are the regulations that the Governor in Council can make under the Export Development Act?
What are the criteria for exempting a crop feedstock from the application of section 51 of the Clean Fuel Regulations?
What are the exceptions to subsection 66(2) of the Bank Act regarding the recording of consideration received by a federal credit union in an exchange for membership shares?
What expenses can be deducted for the purposes of computing income tax?
What are the requirements for conducting environmental effects monitoring studies under the Pulp and Paper Effluent Regulations?
What are the specified periods for making an application under paragraph (1)(a) of subsection 475.93(2) of the Canada Elections Act?
What factors should transportation service providers consider when communicating with persons with disabilities?
What are the requirements for possessing an Atlantic salmon or sturgeon caught in another province or country according to the Quebec Fishery Regulations?
What factors must be taken into account when determining the amount of a penalty for a violation under this Act?
What are the powers and duties of the Chief Electoral Officer according to the Canada Elections Act?
What is the purpose of a disclosure agreement under the Canada Evidence Act?
What is the formula for calculating a taxpayer's gain from the disposition of any property according to subsection 40(1) of the Income Tax Act?
What are the exemptions for adding emulsifying, gelling, stabilizing or thickening agents to food?
What is the definition of "personal representative" in the Canada Pension Plan Regulations?
What is the formula to determine the available oxygen content of an organic peroxide mixture?
What is the process for a railway company to apply for the right to use another railway company's land, tracks, and stations in Canada?
What are the conditions under which a share of the capital stock of a corporation is deemed to have been acquired before 8:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, June 18, 1987, according to subsection 187.3(2) of the Income Tax Act?
What information and statements are prescribed for the purpose of paragraph 30(2)(d) of the Act in the Trademarks Regulations?
What are the individual sections that should be included in a security plan according to the Domestic Ferries Security Regulations?
What information is made available to counsel and parties during an inquiry under Section 42 of the Special Import Measures Act?
What factors does the Minister take into account when considering an exemption for a crop feedstock from the application of section 51?
What assistance is provided to electors with physical disabilities under the Canadian Elections Act for the purposes of a referendum?
What safety equipment is required on board a personal watercraft if every person on board is wearing a personal flotation device or a lifejacket of an appropriate size?
What is the purpose of a document certified by the Minister or the Minister of Transport under the Secure Air Travel Act?
How are the alternative limits for benzene emissions established by the primary supplier?
What documents and evidence must be included in an application for right of entry to lands according to the National Energy Board Rules of Practice and Procedure?
What are the rights of the person who has possession or control of the record during a hearing in private under Section 180.04 of the National Defence Act?
What are the additional requirements for tugs regarding life-saving appliances according to the Small Vessel Regulations?
What are the categories of investments that a port authority may invest in, according to the Port Authorities Management Regulations?
What options are available to the complainant if the President decides not to initiate an investigation based on the evidence provided?
What are the regulations regarding the use of public lands for camping in Canadian national parks?
What information must a licensed dealer provide to the Minister in their annual report according to subsection g.02.076(1) of the Food and Drug Regulations?
What happens if a person fails to pay an amount as required under the Underused Housing Tax Act?
What information must be included in a notice of defect given to a prescribed person?
What are the definitions of "traffic signal module", "VTCSH Arrow", and "VTCSH Circular" in the Energy Efficiency Regulations, 2016?
What actions must an insurance holding company take if a person becomes a major shareholder of a life company it controls?
What are the conditions that a food label or advertisement must meet in order to be exempt from the provisions of the Food and Drug Regulations?
What charges are required for garbage collection and disposal services in certain seasons only in the National Parks of Canada?
What are the conditions of use for the versions of nutrition facts tables in the Aggregate Format for infants six months of age or older but less than one year of age?
What are the conditions for a claimant to receive regular benefits and additional special benefits for a week of unemployment?
What are the restrictions on operating an aircraft at night, in VFR OTT flight, or in IFR flight according to Section 702.18 of the Canadian Aviation Regulations?
What are the penalties for individuals who commit an offence under the Antarctic Environmental Protection Act?
What are the requirements for an application involving a review of a detention order previously made by a Provincial Court judge?
What documents does the administrator of a consumer proposal need to send to the Division Office for taxation of accounts and discharge?
What is the definition of "employee" in the Thunder Bay Grain Handling Operations Act?
What are the restrictions on transporting animals, plants, or their derivatives from one province to another in Canada?
What is the amount of tax payable in respect of a property that is a prohibited investment for a retirement compensation arrangement?
What are the conditions for receiving remission under the Certain Emergency Response Benefits Remission Order for the Canada Emergency Response Benefit?
What powers, duties, and functions were transferred to the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness under the Department of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness Act?
What accounts should a company credit and debit when writing down its investment in a separately incorporated company?
What is the minimum number of officers required for a registered party or an eligible party in Canada?
What is the restriction on acquiring or increasing a substantial investment in a designated entity for a bank holding company?
What information must be included in the annual report regarding the estimated VOC releases in the petroleum sector?
What are the requirements for installing pipelines located on the railway right-of-way within 20 feet of a track, according to subsection 28(2) of the Chlorine Tank Car Unloading Facilities Regulations?
What is the expiration date for a Nova Scotia Offshore Certificate of Fitness if the installation meets the requirements for at least five years?
What conditions must be met for the Minister to acquire a stock option as a condition of entering into a loan insurance agreement?
What is the composition of a review panel established by the Council to review a complaint under the Judges Act?
What information must be included in a permit application for the Prohibition of Asbestos and Products Containing Asbestos Regulations?
What are the methods of delivery for documents according to the First Nations Assessment Appeal Regulations?
What powers do the persons conducting the inquiry have?
What powers does the Commission have for the purpose of conducting an investigation under the Employment Insurance Act?
What is the purpose of a study according to the Food and Drug Regulations?
What standards should be followed for designing and constructing pressure vessels on a production installation?
What is the measure of indemnity in respect of a partial loss of goods or movables according to the Marine Insurance Act?
What does the Pay Equity Commissioner recognize as a single employer under section 106 of the Act?
What information is included in the roll in the courtroom according to Section 98 of the Regulation of the Court of Québec?
What actions does the clerk take upon filing the affidavit and entering the particulars in the register?
What information must be submitted to the Minister when applying for a special flight operations certificate for a remotely piloted aircraft system?
What happens if an accused re-elects to be tried by a provincial court judge under section 561 of the Criminal Code?
What are the requirements for a first nation to conduct a vote on a transfer requested under section 6 of the First Nations Oil and Gas and Moneys Management Act?
What is the definition of "foreign brand tobacco" according to subsection 58.1(1) of the Excise Act?
What are the requirements for establishing proof of marriage between a contributor and their spouse under the Public Service Superannuation Regulations?
What are the rules that apply when an individual ceases to have rights to benefits under a money purchase provision of a registered pension plan and benefits are provided under a defined benefit provision in lieu of the former provision?
What measures can an inspector direct a person to take under the Nunavut Waters and Nunavut Surface Rights Tribunal Act?
What is considered sufficient evidence in any legal proceedings to prove a conviction, order, or acquittal?
Under what conditions can a superior commander, commanding officer, or delegated officer conduct a hearing in respect of a charge alleging the commission of a service infraction?
What does "income for the year from logging operations in the province" refer to for the purposes of paragraph 127(2)(a) of the Act?
What are the authorized activities that a holder of a division 2 factory licence or manufacturing certificate can carry out?
What powers can a lender exercise with the written authorization of the Minister under the Canada Student Financial Assistance Regulations?
What modifications apply to an election made on or after April 1, 2000, according to subsection 48(2) of the Canadian Forces Superannuation Act?
When is the charge payable for an air transportation service under the Air Travellers Security Charge Act?
When does the Minister serve a notice of compliance on a person or ship that has entered into an assurance of compliance under paragraph 46.27(1)(a) of the Pilotage Act?
What is the frequency at which the appraised value is adjusted for leases in National Parks of Canada?
What are the potential punishments for type A licensees who commit an offence under the Mackenzie Valley Resource Management Act?
What criteria can be prescribed for adding the name of a body or office to Schedule I under the Access to Information Act?
What is the definition of "dispose" in relation to an article according to the Competition Act?
What duties are required of the operations manager according to section 604.204 of the Canadian Aviation Regulations?
What are the rules for determining the ownership of shares of a corporation by shareholders of another corporation, members of a partnership, beneficiaries of a non-discretionary trust, and beneficiaries and settlors of a particular trust, as per subsection 95(2.01) of the Income Tax Act?
What are the potential punishments for fraudulently taking cattle or defacing a brand, according to Section 338 of the Criminal Code?
What are the requirements for establishing a security plan for domestic ferries and domestic ferry facilities?
What is the procedure for filing an appeal in writing under subsection 688(3) of the Code?
What is the composition of the Sahtu Land Use Planning Board?
What circumstances would allow a court to order a meeting to be called, held, or conducted in a different manner than prescribed by the Insurance Companies Act?
What are the circumstances in which the Minister may refuse to give preliminary approval for an audit or examination under the Indian Oil and Gas Regulations?
What is the formula for determining the amount of taxable income earned in a particular province by an insurance corporation?
What is the deduction that a taxpayer who was resident in Canada at any time in a taxation year may claim from the tax payable under the Income Tax Act?
What is the purpose of an ex parte motion for an interim charge and show cause order under Section 458 of the Federal Courts Rules?
What are the conditions under which the Minister may suspend an establishment licence?
What are the conditions that must be met for a specific emission-reduction quantification method to be established for a project of a specific type under the Clean Fuel Regulations?
What is the process for adjusting the stated capital account of an insurance holding company?
What are the responsibilities of the operations manager appointed under paragraph 700.09(1)(a) in relation to a finding resulting from a quality assurance program or a safety management system?
What is the definition of a "boundary monument" according to the International Boundary Commission Act?
To which proceedings does Section 3 of the National Energy Board Rules of Practice and Procedure, 1995 apply?
What are the communication system requirements for diving contractors conducting a diving operation in Canada?
What are the labelling requirements for medical devices in Canada?
What is the process for converting a contract for the payment of a deferred annuity to a contract for the payment of an annuity to the survivor?
What are the conditions under which paragraph 18(1)(o) of the Income Tax Act does not apply to a contribution made to an employee benefit plan?
What is the authorized capital of the Corporation according to subsection 11(1) of the Export Development Act?
What is the role of the Nunavut Surface Rights Tribunal in resolving conflicts related to mineral rights and carving stone on Crown lands in Nunavut?
Under what circumstances can the Minister make a recommendation regarding the limitation and prohibition of financial transactions, according to Subsection 11.49(3) of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act?
What is the process for fixing the amount of costs to be paid by a company if they do not pay in full within 60 days after receiving a statement of costs?
What is the definition of "main base" according to the Canadian Aviation Regulations?
What are the requirements for providing training on the security plan to railway carriers or loaders?
What are the specifications for the approach and exit ramps to and from a permanently installed vehicle scale according to the document?
What are the various authorizations that the Governor in Council may grant under the Federal Real Property and Federal Immovables Act?
What is the liability of a person who reports goods under section 12 of the Customs Act?
What are the conditions under which the survivor of a contributor is entitled to an annual allowance under the Public Service Superannuation Act?
What are the regulations regarding labelling and selling Bourbon Whisky in Canada?
What is the maximum amount that can be deducted in computing the income of a taxpayer for a taxation year in respect of the capital cost of a timber limit or a right to cut timber?
What are the conditions under which a registrant can revoke their election under subsection 227(1) of the Act?
What actions can the Minister take if they believe a person should not be granted citizenship under certain sections of the Citizenship Act?
What is the meaning of "designated offence" in the National Defence Act?
What are the rules for counting votes in advance polls according to the Canada Elections Act?
What information must be included in the declaration made by a person importing an engine for the purposes of paragraph 155(1)(a) of the Act?
What is the definition of the "specified portion" in the Income Tax Conventions Interpretation Act?
What is the purpose of the quota system established by the Agency in relation to chicks produced in non-signatory provinces?
What is the definition of a civilian member of Ferry Command according to the Civilian War-related Benefits Act?
What are the requirements for a bankrupt regarding providing information to the trustee and filing statements after an order for discharge?
What are the requirements for a fabricator to sell Protamine Zinc Insulin according to the Food and Drug Regulations?
What is the effect of Part II of the Interest and Administrative Charges Regulations on the charge under the Financial Administration Act?
What are the requirements for the launching devices of survival craft, rescue boats, and inflatable liferafts on Newfoundland offshore petroleum installations?
Which provisions of the Insurance Companies Act apply to every body corporate that is incorporated or continued as a society under this Act?
What are the requirements for lemon juice according to the Food and Drug Regulations?
What are the requirements for providing first aid kits in workplaces according to the Oil and Gas Occupational Safety and Health Regulations?
What is the definition of "strip" in the Tuktoyaktuk Airport Zoning Regulations?
What actions can the Superintendent take if an administrator, employer, or other person contravenes the Pooled Registered Pension Plans Act?
What is the process for requesting a review of a decision made by a conformity verification body regarding a license under the Seeds Regulations?